exercises/desperately-seeking-sadness-plus-plus/README.md, before:

# Desperately Seeking Sadness Plus Plus by Azmat Ishaq


Original game by Pipping Barr:
    "An emoji in search of sadness. The player controls a neutral face emoji
      that they can fly like a spaceship using the arrow keys. They're amongst
      a sea of thumbs up emojis which get in their way (physically) while they try
      to find the single thumbs down emoji to collect it. Rinse and repeat!"

  I added a ring of fire which changes the avatar if it touches it. I also added a water drop that
  can be collected which would change the avatar back to normal. I also added a health bar which
  is negatively affected by the fire and the thumbs down. I also included the ability to push
  the thumbs up on the water in order to increase health. Currently there is no win condition.

Image sources:

  Fire Emoji
  https://www.emojipng.com/preview/12354925
  Fire Eyes Emoji
  https://www.emojipng.com/preview/187445

  Water Drop
  https://www.emojipng.com/preview/143132

Sound Sources:  

  Game balloon or Bubble Pop
  https://mixkit.co/free-sound-effects/bleep/

Commit message:

Exercise - Desperately Seeking Sadness: Updated README, added win state, removed unnecessary Class

exercises/desperately-seeking-sadness-plus-plus/README.md, after:

# Desperately Seeking Sadness Plus Plus by Azmat Ishaq

This is an Exercise Project for CART263 at Concordia University.

Original game by Pipping Barr:
    "An emoji in search of sadness. The player controls a neutral face emoji
      that they can fly like a spaceship using the arrow keys. They're amongst
      a sea of thumbs up emojis which get in their way (physically) while they try
      to find the single thumbs down emoji to collect it. Rinse and repeat!"

  I added a ring of fire which changes the avatar if it touches it. I also added a water drop that
  can be collected which would change the avatar back to normal and increase health. The water also triggers a sound effect.
  I also added a health bar which is negatively affected by the fire and the thumbs down. I also included the ability to push
  the thumbs up on the water in order to increase health.

  If the user can increase their health to 3000 they win the game.


Image sources:

  Fire Emoji
  https://www.emojipng.com/preview/12354925
  Fire Eyes Emoji
  https://www.emojipng.com/preview/187445

  Water Drop
  https://www.emojipng.com/preview/143132

Sound Sources:  

  Game balloon or Bubble Pop
  https://mixkit.co/free-sound-effects/bleep/
